Upgrade documentation for testers (#22811)
idaholab/moose: modules/doc/content/python/testers/Exodiff.md

Test configuration options are added to the `tests` file.

> - `abs_zero`: sets an absolute tolerance, defaults to 1e-10. Both absolute and relative tolerances must
>   be met for a test to pass.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `abs_zero`: sets an absolute zero cutoff used in comparisons, defaults to 1e-10.
```

> - `rel_err`: sets a relative tolerance. Defaults to 5.5e-6.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `rel_err`: sets a relative error tolerance. Defaults to 5.5e-6.
```

This generates a summary of the simulation which can be edited to make the
custom comparison file, where the tolerances for each variable may be set individually.
In the example below, the tolerances are adjusted for local comparisons of field variables,
both nodal and elemental. The relative error criteria is set to `1e-6` and the absolute

> criteria is disabled by setting it to `0`. These modifications apply to variable `u` and `distance`,

Reviewer: By "absolute criteria" do you mean the floor parameter? This effectively sets the absolute zero parameter for comparisons on a per group basis. Having it set to 0 is the exodiff default for variables and then 1e-15 for timesteps (per the [Exodiff doco](https://sandialabs.github.io/seacas-docs/exo_util.pdf#page=11)). 

If floor is what you were referring to, this statement should be tweaked.

> criteria is disabled by setting it to `0`. These modifications apply to variable `u` and `distance`,

Author: ```suggestion
criteria is strongly tightened by setting it to `0`. These modifications apply to variable `u` and `distance`,
```
